DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Dan's Last Stand!\"
DAN: Man, that's so cool
you moved into our neighborhood, Joe.
And thanks for gettin' everyone together like this.
MARUCHO: Now you can be a Bakugan Brawler
live and in person instead of over the internet!
Yeah, we can all battle together...
Wicked!
It'll be so cool.
Hey guys, not to change the subject or anything...
but where are Alice and Runo hiding?
Ah, they're probably off doin' girls stuff...
They'll be back soon.
I was wondering, Joe...
are you and your mom completely settled
into your new apartment?
Yeah...
Thanks for asking...
And even Wavern seems to like our new place.
Whoah! Cool!
The legendary Wavern!
It is so nice to meet you...
My name's Dan...
and this is my Bakugan Drago.
Is that you Wavern?
Nice to see you again, Drago-roonie!
Huh? Drago-roonie?
Who's Drago-roonie?
DRAGO: It's me.
But...
how come she called you Drago-roonie?
I believe they know each other from Vestroia.
And I'd...
even venture to guess...
that these two are more than just old friends.
Oh wow!
Is that for real?
Were you and Drago once an item?
Yes, guilty as charged.
Let's just say Drago and I have a history together.
Isn't that right, Drago-roonie?
Yes, but, not in front of the kids...
Oh Drago-roonie, you still know
how to ruffle my feathers, don't you?
Ah man... gross...
Oh ho-ho!
Seems ol' Drago here is quite the little lover boy,
eh, Angelo?
Your feeble attempt at humor is far from tactful!
Now hush up, would you?
Oh, I should have just stayed in bed!
[laughter]
You're the best... buddy!
Enough!
What was so important that you called us all together, Joe?
I can only guess it wasn't just to meet Wavern...
So what then?
DAN: Whaaaaaat?
You battled Masquerade and won?
Are... are you serious?
I can't believe it!
You took on Masquerades Dual Hydranoid and defeated it?
Well, Wavern is packing the positive energy
from the Infinity Core.
That is true...
Simply put, the Core feeds off of the power
that any opponent throws at it.
And in turn,
amasses that energy to use against its enemy!
JOE: But the bad news is,
I get the feeling that losing one battle
won't make Masquerade back down.
Somehow he'll get his Hydra to evolve...
and when he does, I say he'll be back for more.
We only won a battle.
And like Joe said, I'm sure he'll want his revenge.
If we let his Hydranoid evolve...
then...
we can kiss the Infinity Core good-bye.
Not to mention it will be Naga's!
And with the Silent Core and the Infinity Core in his grasp,
he could destroy both Vestroia and your world!
That would be the end of us all!
[angry grunt]
Guys... we gotta stop him!
We can't let this happen!
We've gotta take down Masquerade
in order to protect the Infinity Core!
M-hmm.
You're right!
The Brawlers are the last line of defense
protecting the entire universe!
We can do this!
MARUCHO: Okay, here's the way I see it, guys...
Our mission entails producing an Ultimate Bakugan
as quickly as possible.
And I guess the real trick is,
we gotta get it done before that creep Masquerade does.
Yeah...
and we're already ahead of the game!
You're right!
Since we all passed our tests back there
in the Doom Dimension...
all of our Bakugan have already started the process
of evolution!
Especially my little Gorem!
I'm sure one of them will evolve
into the Ultimate Bakugan soon!
An excellent observation, Julie...
My Preyas and Shun's Skyress
have started to evolve as well!
Oh, and don't forget about Runo's Tigrerra!
I am so excited!
I mean, we can only guess which one of our Bakugan
will be the one
to save the entire universe!
Ah say Dan, is there something wrong?
You're so quiet.
Don't be so glum, chum!
A Brawler has to be a warrior!
Brave and strong! Got it?
Now buck up, mister! We can do this!
Ahh! Hey!
Could ya just back off?
What was that?
It's just, well...
Okay, I didn't exactly pass my dumb test!
You what?
[stammering] You didn't pass your test?
You can't be serious... Dan?
Just let me explain, guys!
In the Doom Dimension I was battling this clown
wearing a mask.
And when I tore it off, it was Runo!
Then Marucho!
Then Julie!
And then Shun!
But that's not the end of it!
Next Apollonir tells me I've failed!
And in order to pass the test...
he says I gotta defeat all of you guys one by one
in a battle!
Does that mean all us have to lose for you to pass?
And I guess that means you haven't evolved yet either,
right Drago?
Correct.
Not even a bit?
Not at all.
Not even a teenie eenie weenie weenie bit?
I said no!
So that's it...
You have to battle each one of us...
And in order for Drago to evolve to the next level,
he has to beat each...
of our Bakugan...
Sounds simple to me!
We each battle Drago and lose and PRESTO, he evolves!
What?
Are you loopy, Preyas?
I hate pain!
And I'm not taking a dive for no one, you got that?
I concur.
We must approach each battle with our pride
and integrity intact.
Did we just agree?
Yes, I do believe we did!
Oh, this is so typical!
Now I look like an idiot!
Okay!
What do you say we get this battle started?
Huh? Serious?
Dead serious!
I think it's high time I get a chance to put my evolved
and adorable Gorem to the test
and see what he can do in battle!
I'll start out with my Hammer Gorem Ability,
but you better watch it,
'cause we're not taking prisoners!
Wait! Wait a minute!
Ah-ah-ah.
Oh, Dan.
Do not underestimate me...
because...
According to the lastest Bakugan rankings,
I'm catching up to you!
So you better knock off the smug routine, pal!
Now that we've cleared that little issue up,
I think it's time we both got down to business...
We use my rules.
Head to head!
My Gorem against your Drago
and no interference from anyone else, you got that?
Okay, let's do this!
But one thing...
Don't come cryin' to me...
when I beat you!
-[growl] -Let the games begin!
Field Open!
Gate Card Set!
It's go time, Drago!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan... Brawl!
-Drago Stand! -Gorem Stand!
So that's Hammer Gorem!
He's huge!
And I bet he has power to match!
Okay Gorem, let's show 'em what we're made of!
You got it!
I say it's prime time to put the Hammer down!
Ability Activate!
Grand Impact!
This one's for you, Julie!
BAKUPOD: Grand Impact Ability increases Gorem's power
by 200 G's.
Drago!
What power!
It looks like the power differential is too great
for Drago to overcome!
If this keeps up, Dan and Drago don't stand a chance!
Gorem!
What'd you say we finish them off?
You better stand back or you're gonna get burned, Gorem!
Gate Card Open!
This battle is beginning to bore me, Drago.
You're going down!
Now what?
Sorry, but I'm in control of this battle, Dan!
When my Grand Impact Ability is activated,
your pathetic Gate Card is useless!
Gorem...
put them out of their misery!
No! Not good!
It looks like I've only got one shot at beating that freak!
Drago!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers will be right back!
Hey kiddies, you're watching Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Drago!
Do something Dan!
I've unleashed my beast, so you better do the same!
Push Drago to the max or you're gonna lose!
No! I can't!
And you know it, Julie!
What does he think he's doing?
He's still has an ace up his sleeve,
but he refuses to throw it down!
I simply don't understand his strategy one bit!
Marucho, check it out!
What's the deal with Julie riding on Gorem's shoulder
in battle!
Just think what would happen if Dan attacked right now!
You're right!
Not only would he hit Gorem, Julie would get hit too!
Okay Gorem...
If he doesn't want to play, then we'll just end this!
Drago! Ah... this bites!
I can't get a clear shot!
Would ya quit interfering, Julie?
Oh, stop your whining!
Now are you gonna battle or what?
Nuh... What'd I do?
You're not doing anything.
Don't you realize if you and Drago lose this battle,
then that means we all lose?
Would ya get off my case?
I know what I'm doin' here!
Hey!
You are really starting to annoy me, Dan!
Don't you get it?
If I knew Gorem had the chance
to become the Ultimate Bakugan...
don't you think I'd risk everything?
Yeah, good point...
That's it!
Julie's just playing Dan in order to motivate him
to win the battle!
It's brilliant!
If you're too chicken to attack me then...
you and Drago don't deserver to win!
Well? How about it?
I've had enough of this, Julie!
[battle cry]
You ready, Drago?
Never more, Dan!
Let's do this!
Ability Activate!
D-Strike Attack!
Look... look out!
BAKUPOD: Dragonoid Power Increase.
Okay, now they're battling with the same G-Force.
JULIE: Hold on, Gorem!
GOREM: I'm trying!
If you think that's good, then you ain't seen nothin' yet!
Fusion Ability... Activate!
D-Strike attack!
BAKUPOD: Dragonoid Power Boost of 200 G's.
I can't hold on!
This battle is over!
You win, Drago, this time, you win...
[scream]
Julie!
MARUCHO: Dan! Julie!
You made it!
But are... you...
Okay?
Hey... Snap out of it, Julie!
You gotta wake up!
Is that you... Dan?
What... what... happened?
Julie!
Joke's on you! [laughing]
Oh Dan, I couldn't be prouder of you!
I'm so sorry for giving you such a hard time,
but you're the best!
Ah man...
Gee Julie, you really had us going for a minute there!
You're quite the little actor!
But please, you mind never doing that to us ever again?
Seriously Julie,
thanks a lot for getting on my case back there...
Hey, if it wasn't for you giving me all that grief...
I don't think Drago and me coulda done what we did
and pulled out a win over Gorem...
Okay, enough yappin'.
Who's want to go next?
Hey tough guy,
if you're trying to scare us with your tough talk,
it's not working, pal!
Yeah, I say we go next!
How about it Marucho ol' buddy?
I concur...
Alright, Dan!
On behalf of my Bakugan,
I challenge you to the next battle!
Ooohh boy, this is going to be so much fun!
Drago, you're going down hard!
I'm not one to boast but...
between the two of us, you're toast, Drago!
I can't believe it!
Me, little ol' Preyas,
soon to be the Ultimate Bukugan!
ALL: Field Open!
Gate Card... Set!
By my calculations, we can win this!
Bakugan Brawl!
Preyas Stand!
Ready or not! [laughs]
Daniel, we must be careful!
One wrong move, one miscalculation
and this entire battle is over!
You're right...
and I say we start off on defense!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
BAKUPOD: Sensing new battle...
I admire your courage to allow me to go first, Dan!
Here I go!
Bakugan Brawl!
Diablo Stand!
Aquos Preyas Diablo reporting for duty, sir!
BAKUPOD: Battle is set.
Alright!
Let's get this over with!
Let's dance, Drago!
Just hold your horses, Diablo!
I'm the boss!
You're kidding?
Shaw-wing!
Aquos Preyas!
Attribute Change! Darkus!
Ta da!
Feast your eyes on the ultimate fighting machine!
And yes, kiddies,
I'm available for birthday parties!
Ability Activate!
Preyus and Darkus Diagonal Relation!
BAKUPOD: Preyas power increase of 500 G's detected.
It looks like Marucho is leading with his strongest card!
If you ask me, he's making a big mistake!
Hey Diablo...
This one's all mine!
Hey, I know what I'm doing here, Preyas,
so why don't you back off and let me handle this?
Whoa... Ability Activate!
Oh no you don't!
Ability Activate!
Water Refrain!
Oh yeah?
Hurry Dan!
No sweat, bud!
Gate Card Open!
BAKUPOD: Dragonoid Power Increase.
Oh, that's it!
You're mine, Drago!
[battle cry]
Are you okay?
Yeah, yeah, I'm fine!
But that was one hard hit to the head!
That was too close for comfort, Daniel!
Maybe we should rethink our strategy!
Yeah...
I guess we were lucky just to tie!
You ready, Dan?
Ha ha...
In this round, you're goin' down, Marucho!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Drago Stand!
BAKUPOD: New Battle commenced.
Huh? Wait a minute?
Hey, when's it my turn?
Gate Card Open!
Triple Battle!
My patience is running thin, Angelo.
Bakugan... Brawl!
Angelo Stand!
Aquos Preyas Angelo at your service!
Oh and Preyas?
You don't have to worry about a thing...
I have got you covered!
Great! Thanks for coming... ol' buddy!
BAKUPOD: Aquos Angelo has entered battle
doubling Preyas power to combined 800 G's.
So...
I propose we work in tandem to defeat our friend Drago.
Why yes! Excellent idea!
Hey Dan!
Be prepared to lose!
Don't worry... I won't!
[growl]
Attack!
[loud growl]
Wow!
Shun, isn't this exciting?
I've never seen a battle this intense before!
Man... this is fun!
And Drago's really kickin' butt!
What a battle!
I guess all I've gotta do now is make my final move
and it's lights out for Preyas!
Preyas, I've shut down his Ability!
Drago is vulnerable, you have to keep attacking him!
Ha ha ha-- oh!
Not good! We're running out of time!
Too cool!
I'd really love to keep this battle goin', but...
It's too hard on Drago!
Okay...
time to finish this!
Hey Drago, I'm counting on you here, ol' buddy!
No problem!
Ability Activate!
D-Strike Attack!
BAKUPOD: Dragonoid Power Increase.
DAN: Fusion Ability!
D-Strike Extreme!
Draganoid!
BAKUPOD: Dragonoid Power Boost 200 G's.
[Preyas whimpering]
Hold me, Preyas!
Not... having a... good day!
I concede...
you win...
Hey! No fair!
I wanna recount!
I demand a recount!
Two down one to go...
Ready, Shun?
Yeah, but not today...
Huh?
You're tired, Dan and it would be too easy...
we'll wait...
I'll meet you here tomorrow morning.
Sure...
Alice...
That's weird, I wonder where she coulda gone?
THINKING: So this is the Doom Dimension...
So Masquerade!
Why do you want the Infinity Core?
Sorry... but... that's my business...
Legendary Soldiers!
If you can hear my voice, show yourself!
I hereby challenge you to a battle!
[echoing]
EXEDRA: So you are the evil one
he's sent from the other dimension...
Ha...
I thank you for the red carpet welcome...
whoever you are!
Allow me to introduce you to your opponent...
I believe you know her...
Ha!
Let's get this over with! [laughing]
TIGRERRA: Drago, I have the greatest admiration for you.
But deep down inside,
I have always dreamed of facing you in battle!
And in next the Episode of The Bakugan Battle Brawlers,
I finally have my chance.
It will be raw power against raw power,
and if Runo and I have any luck at all,
I will be able to prove myself against you!
But don't worry, I won't take you too lightly!
Find out on the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers!